[Resiliency] Clarify timeout section (#3232)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/resiliency/policies.md

      largeResponse: 10s
```

> If you don't specify a timeout value, the policy will not enforce a time and will default to whatever you set up per the request client. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't specify a timeout value, the policy does not enforce a time and defaults to whatever you set up per the request client. 
```
